Update README.md with project scope (#9)
camaraproject/Tenure: README.md

Repository to describe, develop, document, and test the Tenure API within the KnowYourCustomer (KYC) API family.

## Scope
* Service API(s) for “Tenure” (see [APIBacklog.md](https://github.com/camaraproject/APIBacklog/blob/main/documentation/APIbacklog.md))
* It provides the customer with the ability to:  

>   * Establish a level of trust for a given network subcription identifier (e.g. MSISDN) by verifying the period of time (i.e. "tenure") for which the end user currently allocated that identifier has been associated with it by their current network operator.

Reviewer: Can we use phone number here instead of MSISDN? Or is there a specific reason that it has to be an MSISDN?

```suggestion
  * Establish a level of trust for a given network subcription identifier (e.g. phone number) by verifying the period of time (i.e. "tenure") for which the end user currently allocated that identifier has been associated with it by their current network operator.
```
